ah there he is
this my fellows is the future of the
Sith order who will lead the empire into
a new moment what is a no-name Sith Lord
going to do against a Dark Council
member peloton will have our heads
Thanet Tsongas more insufferable every
day our ancient and mystical sis
traditions will win wars he says not
generals with training don't worry the
next time I meet a ton a ton he will die
then talk to me after he's dead I won't
stick my head out until I know it won't
get cut off enough notice we are not
here to listen to you because we're here
today to demonstrate a new weapon
codenamed silencer you boys may have
heard of it what are you drinking
pairen-san isn't killed the silencer
project soon you will see an entire
Republic fleet disappear Fenster the
silencer and the tireless efforts of the
Empire's champion I'll owe money
generals
today you will see who holds the real
power in the safe Empire not the Dark
Council not vanette on me when I finish
my scent all will bow or face my mind
Isaac prepare the silencer to fly out of
pardon my lord we're receiving an
imperial signal do bring a dove a salon
at the cottage requesters want to be
fighting the Republic flute repeat the
college needs your own let's blast that
fleet out of the sky use the weapon no
wait
if you fire the silencer now the carnage
and Paschal on will be destroyed in the
blast - alone is one of Thanatos cronies
let him get blasted you would knowingly
destroy an imperial vessel you propose
treason grim the fleet will turn into
shreds anyhow if we go in there that
would be to Imperial vessels destroy my
lord
if Ashwin wants help he'll get it not
but it'll do him any good
use the weapon yes my lord
amazing I can't believe my eyes
I agree you've made quite the impression
muddled consider us interested in an
alliance of sorts law spiral see that
each of these men gets a silence of his
capital ship I expect this will be quite
a fruitful relationship of course Malone
come gentlemen we have much to discuss